clarify: cluster guides are also for workspace providers (#576)
cdr/docs: setup/kubernetes/local-preview.md

   [Docker Desktop][docker-desktop-url]
1. [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl)

You will also need to [generate a free Coder license](https://coder.com/trial),

> which can be uploaded upon installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which you can upload upon installation.
```

## Limitations

**We do not recommend using local previews for production deployments of
Coder.**

> Local preview does not work as a workspace provider on Coder's hosted beta.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The local preview does not work as a workspace provider for Coder's hosted beta.
```
